% Source : http://forum.mathematex.net/latex-f6/reference-a-la-section-au-lieu-du-theoreme-t11143.html#p108562  

\documentclass[a4paper]{article}
	\usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
	\usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
	\usepackage{lmodern}
	\usepackage[francais]{babel}
	\usepackage[margin=4cm]{geometry}

	\usepackage{customtheorem}
	\usepackage{boites}
	\usepackage{tikz}

	\usepackage[colorlinks=true, linkcolor=blue]{hyperref}

	\theoremheadcolor{red}
	\theorembodyborder{red}
	\theoremformat{centeredframed}
	\newtheorem{theoreme}{Théorème}[section]

	\theoremformat{titleaboveframe}
	\theoremheadindent{-1cm}
	\theoremheadpunct{}
	\newtheorem{corollaire}{Corollaire}


\begin{document}

\section{Première partie}

Blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla.


\begin{theoreme}
Blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla.
\end{theoreme}

Blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla.


\begin{theoreme}
Blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla.
\end{theoreme}

Blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla.


\section{Deuxième partie}

Blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla.


Blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla.


Blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla.

\begin{theoreme}\label{ici}
Blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla.
\end{theoreme}

Blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla.

\begin{corollaire}
Blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla.
\end{corollaire}

Blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla.


\section{Troisième partie}

Blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla.

Blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla.

Blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla.

D'après le théorème~\ref{ici} blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla.

\end{document}
