% Source : http://forum.mathematex.net/latex-f6/reference-a-la-section-au-lieu-du-theoreme-t11143.html#p108562  

\documentclass{article}
	\usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
	\usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
	\usepackage{lmodern}
	\usepackage[francais]{babel}
	\usepackage[margin=4cm]{geometry}

	\usepackage{tikz}
	\usetikzlibrary{shapes.geometric}
	\usetikzlibrary{calc}

	\usepackage[colorlinks=true, linkcolor=blue]{hyperref}

	\def\tikztitlebox#1#2{
		\tikzstyle{titlebox}=[color=red,rectangle,inner sep=10pt,inner ysep=10pt,draw]%
		\tikzstyle{title}=[color=red,fill=white]
		\bigskip\noindent\begin{tikzpicture}
		\node[titlebox] (box) {#1};
		\node[title] at (box.north) {#2};
		\end{tikzpicture}
	}

	\def\newtikztheorem#1#2{
		\expandafter\newsavebox\csname temp#1box \endcsname
		\newcounter{#1}
		\setcounter{#1}{0}
		\newenvironment{#1}
		{\refstepcounter{#1}%
		\begin{lrbox}{\csname temp#1box \endcsname}\begin{minipage}{0.95\textwidth}}
		{\end{minipage}\end{lrbox}%
		\tikztitlebox{\usebox{\csname temp#1box \endcsname}}%
		{\textbf{#2~\expandafter\csname the#1\endcsname}}
		}
	}

	\newtikztheorem{theoreme}{Théorème}
	\makeatletter
		\@addtoreset{theoreme}{section}
	\makeatother
	\renewcommand{\thetheoreme}{\thesection.\arabic{theoreme}}

	\newtikztheorem{corollaire}{Corollaire}


\begin{document}

\section{Première partie}

Blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla.

\begin{theoreme}
Blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla.
\end{theoreme}

Blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla.

\begin{theoreme}
Blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla.
\end{theoreme}

Blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla.


\section{Deuxième partie}

Blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla.

Blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla.

\begin{theoreme}\label{ici}
Blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla.
\end{theoreme}

Blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla.

\def\tikztitlebox#1#2{
	\tikzstyle{titlebox} = [color=red,fill=red!5, rectangle, inner sep=10pt, inner ysep=10pt,draw]
	\tikzstyle{title}=[text=red,above right,ellipse]
	\bigskip\noindent\begin{tikzpicture}
		\node[titlebox] (box){#1};
		\useasboundingbox (box.south west) rectangle ($ (box.north east) + (0cm,10pt+0.15cm)$);
		\node[title] at ($ (box.north west) + (-1cm,0.15cm)$) {#2};
	\end{tikzpicture}
}%
%
\begin{corollaire}
Blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla.
\end{corollaire}

Blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla.


\section{Troisième partie}

Blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla.

Blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla.

Blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla.

D'après le théorème~\ref{ici} Blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla
blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla blabla.

\end{document}
